Rules are the basic building blocks of Entitled. Fundamentally, a `Rule` is a
simple wrapper around a (somewhat specific) Python function.

Semantically, Rules describes "facts" about your application and about the relationships
between the various actors and resources of your app.

If you have ever used Laravel's authorization API, this API is very much inspired by it.

## Writing Rules

To make a new rule, you just need a Python `Callable` that satisfies three criteria:

- It must be an async Callable
- It should accept at least one positional parameter for the actor
- It should return either a boolean or a Response object.

These are the minimum requirements to create a rule. Additionally, if the `Callable` used
is anonymous, you will need to provide a name for the rule:

```py
# With a lambda
is_admin = Rule("is_admin", lambda actor: has_admin_status(actor))

# With a declared callable
async def is_admin(actor: Actor):
    return has_admin_status(actor)

rule_is_admin = Rule(is_admin)
```

Note : once we tackle policies, you'll be provided a third way to create a rule through policies.

## Using Rules

Rules are `Callable` object themselves that defer to the underlying function, so using them may be ass simple as calling them on the relevant objects

```py
if is_admin(user, post):
    print("User authorized")
```

However, the `Rule` class also provides several utility functions :

- `Rule.inspect` will always wrap the result into a `Response` object, supplying a default error message.
- `Rule.allows` does the opposite and systematically returns a boolean (it is equivalent to using `rule.inspect().allowed()`)
- `Rule.denies` is equivalent to `not rule.allows()`
- `Rule.authorize` evaluates the rule, but returns an exception in case if the evaluation would return an error. The exception essentially calls `inspect` and wraps any error message into an `AuthorizationException`.

## A Warning

Rules are meant to be extremely flexible in their definition, but you'll notice that the evaluation provided by the `Rule` class don't retain the signature from the underlying Callable

In most cases, you may pass any parameters to an evaluation function, and Entitled will match the parameters to the signature of the underlying function, thus preventing any errors for extra parameters. This system is still quite unoptimized : there is one massive footgun that we'll discover when discussing the `Client`.
