---
description: This page will guide you through installing and getting started with Entitled.
---


## Installing the library

Entitled can be installed with either Pip or Poetry. Other setup tools have not been tested.

```shell
pip install entitled
# With Poetry
poetry install entitled
```

## Building your first policy

Policies in Entitled are the elements that contain your authorization logic. They have two essential components:
    - A type of resource, essentially any Python type that defines a resource in your application.
    - A set of `Rules`, essentially Python fonctions matching a specific Protocol that defines the actual decision-making logic.


#### Defining a Policy

Declaring a new Policy is very simple. The constructor only requires a type parameter.

```py
import entitled

post_policy = entitled.Policy[Post]()
```

This defines a `Policy` on the `Post` resource type. This is important, because Entitled will use this
to infer which policy to use whenever it has to make an authorization decision (more on that later!)

#### Adding rules 

Rules represent the actual authorization logic of your app.

A Rule can represent any assertion on your application, whether it is checking for relationship between an actor and a resource or actually evaluating permissions on a resource.

Rules are essentially Python function with a specific signature. To declare a `Rule`, you can use a decorator provided by a previously declared `Policy`

```py
import entitled

auth_client = entitled.Client()

@post_policy.rule("edit")
def can_edit_post(actor, resource: Post, context) -> bool:
    return resource.owner == actor
```

The `@policy.rule` decorator automatically registers the decorated function as a rule bound to the given policy object. The string parameter passed represent the label that will be used to call on this rule.

::alert{type="info"}
The `context` parameter is made available as a tool to provide additional context info that can simply be determined from the (resource, actor) tuple. More on that later.
::

## Making authorization decisions


#### The Client

While you can *technically* call Policies directly, you will want to use an instance of `Client` class.
```py
import entitled

auth_client = entitled.Client()
```
This client will serve as your single source of truth for all your authorization decisions. Once it is declared, you can register policies on it using the `register()` method.

```python
auth_client.register(post_policy)
```

::alert{type="info"}
Manually registering policies may sound cumbersome... and rightfully so. Entitled provides a mechanism to auto-discover and register policies. More on that later.
::

#### Making decisions 

Once your policies are registered, making authorization decisions is extremely simple! The `Client` object provides the `allows` function to evaluate a rule. This function takes as parameters the name of the rule you want to authorize, an actor, a resource and optionally a context dictionary.

```py
if auth_client.allows("edit", actor, resource):
    # Your application logic...

```

The `allows` functions returns a boolean indicating whether the actor can perform the given action. 

If you want, you can also make use of the `authorize` methods that will automatically raise an `AuthorizationException` if the user is not allowed to perform the action. Both function are called the exact same way.

## Wrapping things up

That's it for the absolute basics of Entitled! But we barely scratched the surface here, as the library offers many more features, including but not limited to :
- Resource-bound policies, or how to group your rules around a specific resource type.
- Auto-discovery of policies.
- Answering the question "*What* can this actor do?"

Check out the detailed documentation!
